 The mutated line is causing an arithmetic expression error because of the division operation. The original line, on the other hand, is adding a constant value to the product of 'c' and '121'. To generate a test suite that would kill this mutant, we need to focus on the division operation in the mutated line.

 First, we need to identify the inputs that would cause the division by zero error. Since 'c' is an integer, it cannot be zero. However, 'r' or 'c' could be zero, causing a division by zero error if '121' is not zero. So, we need to test the method with the inputs where 'r' or 'c' is zero.

 Second, we need to test the method with the inputs where '121' is zero. In this case, the division operation will not be performed, and the method will not behave as expected. The output of the method will be different from the expected output, and we can write a test case to verify this.

 Third, we need to test the method with the inputs where the result of the division is not an integer. In the original line, the result of the multiplication is an integer, and it is added to a constant value. However, in the mutated line, the result of the division is a floating-point number, and it is not added to a constant value. This could cause the method to behave differently, and we need to write test cases to verify this.

 Fourth, we need to test the method with the inputs where the result of the division is within the range of the integer values that the 'colorPaletteIndex' variable can take. In this case, the method will behave as expected, but the test cases will ensure that the method is working correctly for these inputs.

 Fifth, we need to test the method with the inputs where the result of the division is outside the range of the integer values that the 'colorPaletteIndex' variable can take. In this case, the method will throw an exception, and we need to write test cases to verify this.

 In summary, to generate a test suite that would kill this mutant, we need to test the method with the inputs that would cause division by zero error, inputs where '121' is zero, inputs where the result of the division is not an integer, inputs where the result of the division is within the